Welcome back to your first assessment.
We're going to test your new skills before we continue with the crash course for each team.
Your task is to recreate the T.M. for a site shown in your browser.
What I want you to do is inside of the H team I'll crash course folder.
You should see a file called Part 6.
Each time assessment one but each team will go ahead and without peeking at it inside your text editor.
Just double click on the file to open it in your browser.
So once you double click on this and see it in your browser Let's go ahead and check it out.
Now in your browser you should see something like this.
And basically what I want you to do is try your best to recreate this site from HVM L.
So notice here how we have a Heading 1 Welcome to our Web site that I have a paragraph here.
I'm excited to eventually learn flask and then I have a link to the official flask website so you'll
have to use an anchor tag for that.
There's another paragraph and then I have an image here of a puppy and we've actually provided this
as a jpg file already for you.
It's called puppie underscore Picot JPA.
And if you open up the notes.
So again underneath H.M.S. a bootstrap underneath each team will crash course.
There's already a puppy Picot jpg file and it's resized for you.
So it's not the huge file we were working with earlier and the file I'm looking at right now is perts
6 h HTML assessment 1.
That's what we have open in my browser.
Once you linked that image locally then I want you to create another paragraph with an ordered list.
Very simple.
Lots of ill will add ons and create a website in a few minutes.
As a bonus optional X credits section I want you to see if you can figure out how you can make a picture
into a link.
So here I have an image from online just the flask logo.
And if I click on this they'll actually take me to the flask Web site.
So that's something we did not specifically cover which is why it's a bonus optional extra credit problem.
But what I want you to do is in general just be able to view a web site like this in your browser and
then be able to create the components from your text editor Tim L.
So heading some paragraphs some inkers links putting in an image and then an ordered list.
All right don't worry so much about having text match exactly.
Basically as long as you can create the main components you're good to go thanks.
And we'll see you in the next lecture where we go over an example solution.